out of over 150 higher education
institutions in the uk
at least 116 have covered on campus
at the university of leeds there are
over 38
000 students but they're in lockdown
and the campus is practically empty
everyone says that the most important
things about uni is meeting new people
making new friends
this is empty quite depressing
and it's like this in campuses across
the country
i tested positive for uh coronavirus
on tuesday i was tested positive for
coronavirus
last week i tested positive on monday
i've seen students panic to get food no
one's telling us what's going on that's
the end of the corridor and that's at
the end of a boundary
learning it's been an uphill struggle
there is no
in-person contact hours the three and a
half weeks i've been in my flat
i've felt about three years it's quite
frustrating to think that you've been
spending
over 9 000 pounds it's not like a normal
uni experience as such we you know you
can go out all the time there's always
activities and sports and there's four
of us in our flat so i have three other
people that i can meet this is not
the freshest we were hoping for
first-year student becky has a heart
condition and had to shield for six
months before she came here
i know what it's like to be like on a
ventilator and stuff and
i was just so afraid that that would
happen again so how have you been coping
because it feels like it's a
lot to kind of process and handle
especially at a transitional stage in
your life
it's it's difficult mentally like i
would just panic
and go into this like weird mode of just
being like
everything like everything i touch is
like infected
i didn't think it would be this bad like
i didn't think that i would come here
and like
immediately go into a local lockdown
leed is now a tier two area so becky
can't meet any friends and neighbors
indoors
and although her flat is currently
covered free becky's neighbors have
tested positive for the virus
this is it this is uni this is
everything from when i was like in year
seven hoping for
um and i'm stuck by myself this
is my room i've got a bad and a desk
over here
as soon as you go into your room and
shut the door it's just so
lonely you just kind of spiral a little
bit
there have been like days where i've
been just in my room just crying like
it does lead to like those dark places
i don't mean much support for you
they've got like all the numbers that
you can call
but i think a lot of people don't feel
comfortable their first week bringing up
a helpline
you kind of just deal with that yourself
or you can't just go
to the person next door and like reach
out i don't think it's just me who's
feeling like
we don't want to be here for christmas
it's
a very real threat every day it's like
well do i just go home
when i spoke to her about her coping
mechanisms
it's even more uncertain now and she
doesn't have any of that same support
system she had before so it's
worrying